# Errors returned with HTTP status code 409

This topic describes the causes of errors returned with HTTP status code 409 and the solutions to these errors.

## BucketAlreadyExists

-   Error message: The requested bucket name is not available.
-   Cause: The error message returned because the specified bucket already exists or is owned by another user.
-   Solution: Specify another name for the bucket that you want to create. For more information about how to create a bucket, see [Create buckets](/intl.en-US/Quick Start/Create buckets.md).

## BucketNotEmpty

-   Error message: The bucket you tried to delete is not empty.
-   Cause: The error message returned because the bucket to delete contains objects, parts generated by incomplete multipart upload tasks, or LiveChannels.
-   Solution:
    -   Delete all objects in the bucket and then try to delete the bucket again.

        For more information about how to delete objects, see [Delete objects](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Manage files/Delete objects.md). To delete a large number of objects, we recommend that you configure lifecycle rules to delete multiple objects. For more information, see [Configure lifecycle rules](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Basic settings/Configure lifecycle rules.md).

    -   Delete the parts generated by multipart upload or resumable upload tasks.

        For more information about how to delete parts in a bucket, see [Manage parts](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Upload, download, and manage objects/Manage parts.md).

    -   Delete all LiveChannels in the bucket.

        For more information about how to delete LiveChannels, see [DeleteLiveChannel](/intl.en-US/API Reference/LiveChannel-related operations/DeleteLiveChannel.md). For more information about LiveChannels, see [RTMP-based stream ingest](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Upload files/RTMP-based stream ingest.md).


## ObjectNotAppendable

-   Error message: The object is not appendable.
-   Cause: The error message returned because the object on which you want to perform the AppendObject operation is not an append object.
-   Solution: Ensure that the object on which you perform the AppendObject operation is an append object. OSS objects can be categorized into three types based on the upload method: normal objects, append objects, and multipart objects. The AppendObject operation can be performed only on append objects.

## PositionNotEqualToLength

-   Error message: Position is not equal to file length.
-   Cause:
    -   The error message returned because the value of position in the request does not match the current object length.
    -   The request is successful in the following scenarios: 1. The value of position is 0 and the length of an append object with the same name is 0. 2. The value of position is 0 and the append object with the same name does not exist. In other cases, this error is returned because the position and the length of the object do not match.
-   Solution: You can obtain the position for the next operation from the response header `x-oss-next-append-position`, and then send the next request. Multiple requests may be sent concurrently, even if you set the value of `x-oss-next-append-position` in a request, the request may still fail because the value is not updated immediately.`` See [AppendObject](/intl.en-US/API Reference/Object operations/Basic operations/AppendObject.md) to handle the problem.

## FileImmutable

-   Error message: The object you specified is immutable.
-   Cause: The error message returned because the object that you want to delete or modify is protected by a retention policy.
-   Solution: Ensure that the object to delete or modify is not protected. See [GetBucketWorm](/intl.en-US/API Reference/Bucket operations/Retention policy/GetBucketWorm.md) to handle the problem.

